[#4396] Add basic Objects API prefill plugin (#4619)
open-formulieren/open-forms: docs/configuration/prefill/objects_api.rst

Reviewer: Can you add a TODO to indicate this feature is not finished yet:

```rst
.. todo:: This feature is still in development and not ready for production yet.
```

.. _configuration_prefill_objects_api:

===========
Objects API
===========

> `Objects API`_ can store objects which are defined (their schema and properties) in the `Objecttypes API`_.
> With this prefill plugin we can have components/form fields which have pre-filled the values taken from the Objects API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Objects API`_ stores data records of which the structure and shape are defined by a particular object type
definition in the `Objecttypes API`_. These records can be used to pre-fill form fields if an object reference is
passed when the form is started.
```

.. note::

>    This service contains sensitive data and requires a connection to a specific
>    client system. The forms which make use of this prefill plugin require DigiD/Eherkenning authentication
>    of the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The service may contain sensitive data. It is advised to require DigiD/eHerkenning authentication on the form. You
   should be careful with how you pass the object references to the customers and set up the object type in a way that
   makes authentication checks possible (e.g. by storing the expected BSN or KVK number).
```

.. _`Objects API`: https://objects-and-objecttypes-api.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _`Objecttypes API`: https://objects-and-objecttypes-api.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

Configuration
=============

1. In Open Forms, navigate to: **Forms**
2. Click **Add form**
3. Define the necessary form details and add the desired components
4. Navigate to: **Variables** tab
5. Navigate to: **User defined** subtab

> 6. Click **Add variable** and fill in the data from the available options:
> 
>    * **Plugin**: *Choose the Objects API plugin*
>    * **API Group**: *Choose the desired API Group *
>      (There must be at least one added-configured via **Miscellaneous** > **Objects API groups**)
>    * **Objecttype**: *Based on the selected API group above, you can choose the objecttype from the auto populated list*
>    * **Mappings**: *On the left we have the available form variables and on the right the available attributes which are
>      defined in the selected objecttype's schema properties. You can do the mappings accordingly*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click **Add variable** and fill in the data from the available options:

   * **Plugin**: Choose the *Objects API* plugin
   * **API Group**: Select the appropriate API group. These API groups should be set up by an administrator,
     via **Admin** > **Configuration** > **Prefill plugins** > **Objects API** > **Manage API groups**
   * **Objecttype**: Select the expected object type from the dropdown.
   * **Mappings**: Configure which property from the Objects API record needs to be assigned to which form variable.
     For each form variable you want to pre-fill, add a new mapping. Then, on the left select the desired form variable,
     and on the right you can specify which property from the object type contains the value.
```

This will also require you to add the respective action(s) to the prefill plugin config actions :)

We usually do not refer to the "Miscellaneous" menu in the admin, instead you are supposed to get there via the Configuration overview page.
